GSE proposal for updating Get school experience page (#2019)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/get-school-experience.md

  - oak national academy
---

School experience allows you to learn more about teaching by visiting schools. 

It can help you:

* observe lessons
* see how teachers manage a classroom
* find out how specific subjects are taught
* speak to teachers and interact with pupils
* learn more about teacher training - including the application and interview process

## Find school experience

> Use the [Get school experience service](https://schoolexperience.education.gov.uk/) to search for and request experience in England.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use our [Get school experience service](https://schoolexperience.education.gov.uk/) to search for and request experience in England.
```

If you cannot find what you’re looking for, you can contact schools yourself. [Find schools near you](https://get-information-schools.service.gov.uk/) and give them a ring to find out who to talk to about getting school experience. They may ask you to have a DBS check before attending.

## Maths or physics teaching internships

You may be eligible for a [maths or physics teaching internship](/teaching-internship-providers) earning £300 a week if you're doing a undergraduate degree in science, technology, engineering or maths.

## Attend teaching events

> [Teaching events](/events) can also give you an insight into teaching. You can find Train to Teach events, online ‘Q and A’ sessions as well as university events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Teaching events](/events) can also give you an insight into teaching. You can choose from our Train to Teach events, online Q&A sessions and events run by training providers.
```
